Updated documentation for Windows setup (#105)
bmw-software-engineering/trlc: documentation/dev_setup.md

# Development environment setup
 

> To contribute to TRLC, you will need to be able to run the
> testsuite. Currently, this is only realistic on GNU/Linux and Windows,
> although it may be possible to get it to work on other platforms.
>  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To contribute to TRLC, you will need to be able to run the
testsuite. Therefore you need GNU make and GNU findutils.
We do provide setup steps for Windows and Linux. If you run into any problems on macOS, make sure you install the latest GNU make version.
```

Reviewer: It is possible on macOS for sure. I think the only hindrance could be an outdated make version

## Setup
 
# Common Setup for Windows and Linux
 
* You need a suitable version of Python3 (3.8, 3.9, 3.10, or
  3.11). The reason we do not support 3.12 or later (for the dev
  setup) is the dependency on CVC5. Users could use 3.12; but they
  won't be able to use the CVC5 API.

>  

Reviewer: please avoid cluttering the version control by adding spaces in blank lines

* You also need an executable `cvc5` binary on your PATH. Download the
  appropriate version from
  https://github.com/cvc5/cvc5/releases/tag/cvc5-1.0.8 and rename
  it. You can also build CVC5 from source if there is no pre-built
  release available for your platform.
 
* You need to install the `cvc5` PyPI package, or build it from
  source.
  
* You need to install everything from
  [requirements.txt](../requirements.txt).
 
* You also need to make available the relevant parts of lobster. You
  can do this in one of two ways:
 
  * Check out https://github.com/bmw-software-engineering/lobster and
    put the root of the repo on your `PYTHONPATH`.
 
  * Install from PyPI, carfully avoiding to install the TRLC
    dependency as that will make things really confusing:
 

>     ```bash

Reviewer: please also fix indentation

    pip install bmw-lobster-core bmw-lobster-tool-python
    pip install --no-deps bmw-lobster-tool-trlc
  ```
 
# Linux Setup:
 
  * You need GNU Make. This should be available on all sane GNU/Linux
    distributions. On Debian the package is called `build-essential`.
 
  * You need to install Graphviz. On Debian the package is called
    `graphviz`.
 
# Windows Setup
 
  * You need to Install Scoop.
    * Check out https://scoop.sh/
 
  * Once Scoop is installed, install GNU findutils by running the following command:
 
    ```bash
    scoop install findutils
    ```
  * you need to install GNU Make. You can do this by running the following command:
 
    ```bash
    scoop install make
    ```
  * You need to install Graphviz.
 
    ```bash

>       scoop install Graphviz

Reviewer: please fix indentation

    pip install --no-deps bmw-lobster-tool-trlc
	```

# Linux Setup

* You need GNU Make. This should be available on all sane GNU/Linux
  distributions. On Debian the package is called `build-essential`.

* You need to install Graphviz. On Debian the package is called
  `graphviz`.

# Windows Setup

* You need to Install Scoop.

>   * Check out https://scoop.sh/

Reviewer 2: please remove the extra bullet point:
```
* You need to Install Scoop.
  Check out https://scoop.sh/
```
